What are you going to do with the child in your belly?
Is it okay to rely on everywhere?
Hey, my wife is still moving
husband
Do you think our baby is a boy or a girl?
From now on, we will be a family of three
You want to keep him?
I'm going to kill him
Mom?
Ask uncle to do his best
Auntie also passed away
or
Come abroad with me
Don't marry me
Is that so?
Please allow enough time for treatment
Laugh.
My money
I lent it to you
Are you
I don't want to come back alive
Close to the money around
This is the person I found in my aunt's house
I'll sneak it for you
Let's stop joking. Come down
Let's stop kidding
No kidding! Aah!
Regret with your own eyes
It's still too late wow
born